docs: added platform architecture for the mock status list (#80)
govuk-one-login/mobile-wallet-status-list-mock: docs/infrastructure.md

# Mock Status List Infrastructure

This service is a serverless mock of a credential status list, deployed to AWS (eu-west-2) via AWS SAM. 

All compute runs inside a VPC on private subnets. KMS holds the signing key; the private key material never leaves KMS. 

> S3 holds the status list JWTs and the JWKS — two of the four API routes read from S3 directly without invoking Lambda.

Reviewer: This repeats the note at the bottom on line 55 — could trim one or the other.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    client(["Client"])

    subgraph aws ["AWS — eu-west-2"]
        r53["Route53 A record"]

        subgraph apigw ["API Gateway (Regional)"]
            ep1["POST /issue"]
            ep2["POST /revoke"]
            ep3["GET /t/{statusList}"]
            ep4["GET /.well-known/jwks.json"]
        end

        subgraph vpc ["VPC — Private Subnets"]
            issueF["IssueFunction\n(Node 22)"]
            revokeF["RevokeFunction\n(Node 22)"]
            jwksF["JwksFunction\n(Node 22)"]
        end

        kms[("KMS\nECC P-256\nES256")]

        subgraph s3 ["S3"]
            statusBucket[("StatusListBucket")]
            jwksBucket[("JwksBucket")]
        end
    end

    client --> r53
    r53 --> apigw

    ep1 -->|Lambda proxy| issueF
    ep2 -->|Lambda proxy| revokeF
    ep3 -->|Direct S3 integration| statusBucket
    ep4 -->|Direct S3 integration| jwksBucket

>     issueF -->|kms:Sign| kms

Reviewer: The IAM action labels (e.g. `kms:Sign`) overlap in the rendered diagram and can be hard to read. Worth keeping them, or would the diagram be clearer without?

Author: I think its worth keeping. They can be read in the diagram code.

I have made the diagram left to right to make it clearer as well.

    issueF -->|s3:PutObject| statusBucket

    revokeF -->|kms:Sign| kms
    revokeF -->|s3:PutObject\ns3:GetObject| statusBucket

    jwksF -->|kms:GetPublicKey| kms
    jwksF -->|s3:PutObject| jwksBucket
```

> > **Note:** JwksFunction runs once at startup (not triggered by API Gateway) to populate the JWKS bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** JwksFunction needs to be manually invoked once after deployment to populate the JWKS bucket.
```
